Auto Discover doc added (#3383)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/auto-discovery.md

---
id: auto-discover
title: Auto Discovery
sidebar_label: Auto Discovery
description: Learn how to enable Auto Discovery to detect services that are installed on the server on which the collector is running.
---

> Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry collectors can now detect services that are installed on the server on which the collector is running. Once the services are discovered, you can evaluate the information on Sumo Logic platform and proceed with the onboarding of applications. It's a useful improvement that will give you more confidence in monitoring and observability of your systems.

Reviewer: This intro reads more like a release note than a doc. I'd def use this for the release note. I'd eliminate "_can now_" and "_useful improvement_" so that the content is evergreen. So something like...

```suggestion
With the Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry collector Auto Discovery feature, you can detect, monitor, and observe services that are installed on the server on which the collector is running. Once the services are discovered, you can evaluate the information on Sumo Logic platform and proceed with the onboarding of applications.
```

:::note
- Auto Discovery is supported only in Linux and macOS operating systems.
- Minimum collector version required to use this feature is `v0.89.0-sumo-0`.
:::

## View discovered services

Auto Discovery is enabled by default on all the OpenTelemetry collectors for the supported version. Below are the **Auto Discoverable Services** provided by Sumo Logic.
- Apache
- MySQL
- Ngnix
- ElasticSearch
- PostgreSQL
- Redis
- Kafka
- Docker
- RabbitMQ

For the discovered services, you can set up data collection with guided onboarding steps. 

### Add a new collector

1. In Sumo Logic, select **Manage Data > Collection > OpenTelemetry Collection**.
1. On the OpenTelemetry Collection page, click **Add Collector**.
1. On the **Done** page, you can see services discovered which are updated in real time.
1. On clicking the application tile of interest, you will be taken to the App Catalog to complete the data setup.

> ### OpenTemetry collector list page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### OpenTelemetry collector list page
```
